Update server-faq.md (#3)
BeamMP/Docs: docs/en/support/server-faq.md

---
#### **How can I setup my own servers**

All the information to setup your own server can be found [here](https://docs.beammp.com/server/create-a-server/).

---
#### **Can you make a server using linux?**

> BeamMP server can be used on Linux and other OS, however builds are usually only provided for a few distributions. The newest builds can be found [here](https://github.com/BeamMP/BeamMP-Server/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BeamMP server can be used on Linux and other operating systems, however builds are usually only provided for a few distributions. The newest builds can be found [here](https://github.com/BeamMP/BeamMP-Server/releases).
```

Author: Im ok with that

> BeamMP server can be used on Linux and other OS, however builds are usually only provided for Ubuntu 22.04 and Debian 11. The newest builds can be found [here](https://github.com/BeamMP/BeamMP-Server/releases).

Reviewer 2: Considering [this discussion](https://github.com/BeamMP/Wiki/pull/2#pullrequestreview-1785186316), this part needs to be update accordingly to be less distro specific.

Reviewer 3: Agreed this needs to be addressed before it could be merged please.

> For different OS/Distro, you need to build from source yourself. Information for this can be found [here](https://github.com/BeamMP/BeamMP-Server#build-instructions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For different operating systems/Linux distros, you need to build from source yourself. Information for this can be found [here](https://github.com/BeamMP/BeamMP-Server#build-instructions).
```

Author: But why write out OS and leave distro. Either use the short version for both, which is fine since we used the full names just above, or use again the full names
